DEVDOCS-3021: Update channel-webhooks.md (#1494)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/channels/channel-webhooks.md

  },
 "hash": "3f9ea420af83450d7ef9f78b08c8af25b2213637"
}
```

## Notifications
The following notifications webhook events fire in response to actions that affect a specific channel on a store:

| Name / Scope | Description | Corresponding Endpoint |
|:-------------|:------------|:-----------------------|
| store/channel/{channel_id}/notifications/abandonedCart/updated        | Fires when an abandoned cart notification is updated per a specified channel. | [Update channel abandoned cart settings](/api-reference/store-management/abandoned-carts/abandoned-carts-settings/updatechannelabandonedcartsettings) 
| store/channel/{channel_id}/notifications/inventory/updated        | Fires when an inventory notification is updated per a specified channel. | [Update inventory notifications settings](/api-reference/store-management/settings/inventory/putinventorynotificationssettings) |

Notifications payload objects take the form that follows:

```json title="Example notifications payload object" lineNumbers
{
 "store_id": "11111",
 "producer": "stores/abcde",
 "created_at": 1641641646,
 "scope": "store/channel/1/notifications/abandonedCart/updated",

>  "data": {},

Reviewer: this is correct; confirmed in slack.

 
For a complete reference of all BigCommerce webhook events and their callback payloads, see [Webhook Events](/api-docs/store-management/webhooks/webhook-events).

## Price list assignments

> The following pricelist assignment webhook events fire in response to actions that affect a specific channel on a store:

Reviewer: make price list one word everywhere unless we have a style thing saying differently.

> The following price list assignment webhook event fires in response to actions that affect a specific channel on a store:

Reviewer: this fires regardless of channel; prose revision suggested.

```suggestion
The following price list assignment webhook event fires in response to price list assignment changes:

```

Reviewer: make the same change to customer.

| Name / Scope | Description | Corresponding Endpoint |
|:-------------|:------------|:-----------------------|

> | store/priceList/assignment/updated       | Fires when a pricelist assignment has changed (assigned, reassigned, or unassigned). | [Create price list assignments](/api-reference/store-management/price-lists/price-lists/createpricelist ) |

Reviewer: unpack this parenthetical into part of the sentence proper.

 "hash": "3f9ea420af83450d7ef9f78b08c8af25b2213637"
}
```
## Social media links

> The following social media links webhook events fire in response to actions that affect a site associated with a specific channel on a store:

Reviewer: there's only one SML webhook event; consider making `webhook events` singular.

| Name / Scope | Description | Corresponding Endpoints |
|:-------------|:------------|:-----------------------|
| store/channel/{channel_id}/socialMediaLinks/updated     | Fires when a social media link associated with the specified channel is updated. | Not applicable |

Social media link payload objects take the form that follows:

> ```json title="Example theme payload object" lineNumbers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json title="Example social media links payload object" lineNumbers

```
